expected 20xx

Cumulative GPA: 3.5/4.0

Spring 20xx

Robotics
Machine Vision

Control Systems
Machines and Society

4/xx - 6/xx

1/xx - 3/xx

6/xx - 9/xx

Social Chair, Sigma Delta Tau Sorority

20xx - present

20xx - present

Design:
Programming:
Fabrication:
Languages:

SolidWorks

JULIA ENG-BACHELOR
563 Salvatierra Walk . Stanford, CA 94305 . (650) 723-0000 . SUld@stanford.edu

OBJECTIVE
To obtain a hands-on position developing and optimizing robots and automated production systems

EDUCATION
Stanford University, Stanford, CA - B.S. in Mechanical Engineering
Major GPA: 3.7/4.0

Stanford in Berlin, Germany - studied German language, history and culture

RELEVANT COURSEWORK
Mechatronics
Product Design

COURSE PROJECTS
Integrated Compliant Arm-Wrist Robot
. Worked on a team to simulate and program an existing robot with 6 degrees of freedom
. Empirically determined the acceptable gripping pressures for objects of differing shape, weight,
and surface texture
. Successfully trained robot to pick up and manipulate a delicate wineglass without damaging it

Throw & Catch Robots
. Trained twin robots to repeatedly throw and catch a tennis ball
. Worked on a three-person team to simulate and develop the motion and control algorithms
. Led the team in rendering and fine-tuning the algorithms into C++

EXPERIENCE
Engineering Intern, Siemens AG, Munich, Germany
. Provided drafting and engineering support at a plant manufacturing drives and motors
. Updated and maintained electro-mechanical drawings and documentation
. Adhered to best-practice protocols for document control
. Observed factory operations employing precision robots and machine vision

ACTIVITIES

. Led committee that planned and organized monthly events for all 50 women in the house
. Organized a successful benefit dinner that exceeded fundraising goal (>$5000)

Tour Guide, Stanford University
. Polished public speaking skills while conducting three campus tours per week

SKILLS

Matlab, C/C++, Java, HTML
CNC mill, lathe, brazing
German (conversational)

PROFESSIONAL AFFILIATIONS
American Society of Mechanical Engineers . Tau Beta Pi Engineering Honor Society .
Society of Women Engineers